feat: `edgegateway` `t0` attribute is now optionnal (#1083)
orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue: docs/resources/edgegateway.md

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  owner_name = cloudavenue_vdc.example.name
}
```

### Example with VDC Group

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  owner_name = cloudavenue_vdcg.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `owner_name` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The name of the Edge Gateway owner. It can be a VDC or a VDC Group name.

### Optional

- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth in `Mbps` of the Edge Gateway. If no value is specified, the bandwidth is automatically calculated based on the remaining bandwidth of the Tier-0 VRF. More information can be found [here](#bandwidth-attribute).

!> **Warning** This attribute is not supported if your Tier-0 VRF has a class of service `DEDICATED`. This is due to a bug in the API (See [#1068](https://github.com/orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue/issues/1069)).

> - `tier0_vrf_name` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The name of the Tier-0 VRF to which the Edge Gateway is attached. If not specified, the Edge Gateway will be created in the first Tier-0 VRF (Only if 1 Tier-0 VRF is available).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tier0_vrf_name` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The name of the Tier-0 VRF to which the Edge Gateway is attached. If not specified, the Edge Gateway will be created if only one Tier-0 VRF is available.
```
